feat: add support for fairness constraints (#918)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/constraints-and-score/load-balancing-and-fairness.adoc

through the use of xref:constraints-and-score/score-calculation.adoc#constraintStreamsGroupingAndCollectors[grouping]
and the xref:constraints-and-score/score-calculation.adoc#collectorsLoadBalance[load balancing constraint collector].
In your `ConstraintProvider` implementation, a load-balancing constraint may look like this:

[source,java]
----
Constraint fairAssignments(ConstraintFactory constraintFactory) {
    return constraintFactory.forEach(ShiftAssignment.class)
            .groupBy(ConstraintCollectors.loadBalance(ShiftAssignment::getEmployee))
            .penalizeBigDecimal(HardSoftBigDecimalScore.ONE_SOFT, LoadBalance::unfairness)
            .asConstraint("fairAssignments");
}
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
When using fairness constraints,
we recommend that you use one of the xref:constraints-and-score/overview.adoc#scoreType[score types] based on `BigDecimal`,
such as `HardSoftBigDecimalScore`.
See below for a <<fairnessWhyBigDecimal,detailed rationale>>.
====

This constraint will penalize the solution based on its unfairness,
defined in this case by how many `ShiftAssignment` are allocated to any particular `Employee`.

> Unfairness is a dimensionless number, measuring how fair the solution is,
> with a lower value indicating a fairer solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfairness is a dimensionless number that measures how fair the solution is.
A lower value indicates a fairer solution.
```

The smallest possible value is 1, indicating that the solution is perfectly fair.
There is no upper limit to the value,
and it is expected to scale linearly with the size of your dataset.

Different unfairness values may only be compared for solutions coming from the same dataset.
Unfairness values computed from different datasets are incomparable.

[#fairnessWhyBigDecimal]
=== Why `BigDecimal`?

When using fairness constraints,
we recommend that you use one of the xref:constraints-and-score/overview.adoc#scoreType[score types] based on `BigDecimal`.
We base our recommendation on the following reasons:

- The unfairness value is a rational number.
The corresponding floating-point type (`double`)
is xref:constraints-and-score/overview.adoc#avoidFloatingPointNumbersInScoreCalculation[not suitable for score calculations].
- Rounding the unfairness value to the nearest integer would lose precision,
causing a xref:constraints-and-score/performance.adoc#scoreTrap[score trap].
Even a small difference in unfairness (such as between `1.000001` and `1.000002`)
gives the solver crucial information to distinguish different solutions from each other.

> If the somewhat worsened performance of `BigDecimal`-based score calculation is a concern,
> you may decide instead to multiply the unfairness value by some power of ten to preserve precision,
> and only then rounding it to the nearest integer.
> This in turn allows you to use the simple integer-based score types.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the somewhat worsened performance of a `BigDecimal`-based score calculation is a concern,
instead, you may decide to multiply the unfairness value by some power of ten to preserve precision,
and only then round it to the nearest integer.
This allows you to use the simple integer-based score types.

```

Unfortunately, this also requires you to re-balance your constraint weights,
multiplying them by the same power of ten as used for unfairness.

> Otherwise, the unfairness constraint would dominate the score,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the unfairness constraint will dominate the score,
```

effectively becoming the most important constraint.

> If you decide to go down this route,
> we recommend that you preserve at least six decimal places of the unfairness value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you take this approach,
we recommend that you preserve at least six decimal places of the unfairness value
```
